Fixes in List Chats and List Archives (#704)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/index.mdx

| ----------------------------------------------------- | -------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `filters`                                             | No       | `object`  |                                                                                           |
| `filters.query`                                       | No       | `string`  |                                                                                           |

> | `filters.from`                                        | No       | `string`  | Date & time format with a resolution of microseconds, UTC string, `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.000000+HH:MM` |

Reviewer: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.ssssssZHH:MM` might be better (indicates microseconds and not magic zeroes and also uses `Z` as timezone indicator (instead of a `+`, which can also be `-`) :)

> | `filters.from`                                        | No       | `string`  | Date & time format with a resolution of microseconds, UTC string, `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.000000+HH:MM` |

Author: ```suggestion
| `filters.from`                                        | No       | `string`  | Date & time format with a resolution of microseconds, UTC string, `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.ssssssZHH:MM` |
```
